---
layout: post
title: "A New Day"
comments: false
categories:
---

In just a few minutes, the clock will chime, and with it, I will have another year under my belt.  Another year older, and *hopefully* another year wiser...

It's been an amazing and eventful year as a father of a growing family, and as a developer now transitioning to a new company.  My spare time has been reduced to near zero and my reduced capacity for **hackathons** has forced me to be incredibly selective in what opensource projects I invest in.

With all of this change comes uncertainty.  Risk.  The possibility that something may fall apart.  So, why leave a good thing for a new venture?  Why choose the **unknown**?

I've been incredibly blessed over the past five years to be a part of [something special](http://socialcast.com).
Working at a startup had always been a dream, and working at a *successful* startup was an absolute **dream come true**.  But at some point, things can become comfortable and routine which is a red flag that change is necessary.

Keeping the status quo is not an option.  A feeling of complacency can lull you to into a secure position and steal away the passion and fire that got you to where you are today.  So where do we go from here?  The answer of course is **forward**.

Every single decision has an unknown outcome on your future. Although there is a *risk* of failure, these is also a *guarantee* for new opportunities.  If you are unwilling to change, you are *guaranteed* to atrophy.

Each day is a chance to *move*.  A chance to *learn*.  Every moment is a chance to *grow*.

> "Stay hungry. Stay foolish."
> - [Steve Jobs](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whole_Earth_Catalog)